https://codepen.io/jair_iosif/pen/qBqQPBB?editors=1100


Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML yougive meaning too
    2. What is HTML used for? Mark up text and pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? HTML attributes provide additional information about HTML elements.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? main header,once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img attributes and href attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? header
    7. What is an id? gives a unique ID
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href="url">webpage or text here</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alternate text in an area for example a description of an image when you hover over
    15. How do I reference an id? period before the id name you are trying to reference
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? sections create block level sections and divs are given meaning and are inside sections.
    17. What is CSS used for? styling a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one? class can be used multiple times and ids only once
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? period then the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? specificity
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar href
    24. What is a pseudo selector? for when the mouse is hovering that element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? .div { border:dotter black 1px}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? .*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? <!-- -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm theres no going back once deleting and will not prompt a warning 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? 20 minutes or major changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push u- origin-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork repo, copy url, open terminal,cd into folder you want to add this file to, git clone <linkg to repo>, cd <repo name>, git checkout -b firstname-lastname, code . , git add . , git commit -m  "message", git push -u "origin-branch-name".


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

